getting help with altis guide (#202)
humanmade/altis-documentation: other-docs/guides/getting-help-with-altis.md

# Getting help with Altis.

If you need help, this guide will show you how to most effectively get you the help you need.

Well we support a few methods, the primary method and the route you should choose, is the Altis Dashboard Support button.

<img width="1398" alt="Screenshot 2021-03-30 at 14 44 16" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1263370/113014595-a119f980-9174-11eb-95d6-0e2a9718c5e5.png">

We break down support into different types. Each have their own language and proccesses. But they're somewhat intuitive once you internalise the language a little. Let's go over the types.

<img width="1282" alt="Screenshot-2021-01-26-at-10 14 18" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1263370/113014673-b2630600-9174-11eb-88ae-ed3cc6b98078.png">

In the above you can see we currently have four types of support. I’ll break down how they differ from eachother.

# Incident

> Incidents are unplanned events that negatively impact service, or quality of service of Altis. Be this part of the hosting infrastructure, or on the software side of Altis, if something isn’t getting the expected result, this would be an incident, and requires investigation.

Reviewer: If we're capitalizing "Incident" (because it's the name of a thing), then we should be consistent with the capitalization.
 ```suggestion
Incidents are unplanned events that negatively impact service, or quality of service of Altis. Be this part of the hosting infrastructure, or on the software side of Altis, if something isn’t getting the expected result, this would be an Incident, and requires investigation.
```

Reviewer 2: This description isn't super clear to me so I think it would make sense to offer some specific examples, and perhaps mention "site-affecting issues".

The phrase "if something isn't getting the expected result" doesn't necessarily mean "site down" to me and that a problem or question ticket type might be more appropriate.

From the support side, Incidents are the things that make us scamble to respond and jump on the problem. If the site is down, this is an Incident, with a prioriy of ‘Urgent’. Alarm bells will ring, and we’ll put out the fires to get things running again by any means neccessary.

> Incidents focus on immediate attention, with an emphisis on immediate remediation. Remediating an Incident can take the form of temporary patches, which brings us to the next support type.

Reviewer: typo

I might suggest emphasizing _immediate attention_, i.e. this is an urgent, drop-everything type problem, but it's up to you.

```suggestion
Incidents focus on immediate attention, with an emphasis on immediate remediation. Remediating an Incident can take the form of temporary patches, which brings us to the next support type.
```

# Problem

> Problems are the cause of, or potential cause of an Incidents. Incidents revolve around something the unexpected. If a site is down, that’s an Incident, but the Problem is a known cause of an issue you wish to track, and coordinate help with, problems typically take longer to resolve, as an appropriate solution is thoughtout, and worked on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Problems are the cause of, or potential cause of an Incidents. Incidents revolve around something unexpected. If a site is down, that’s an Incident, but the Problem is a known cause of an issue you wish to track, and coordinate help with. Problems typically take longer to resolve, as an appropriate solution is thought out and worked on.
```

> # Tasks 

Reviewer: All the previous types are singular, so this one probably should be as well.

```suggestion
# Task 
```

> There’s an array of tasks that might you need help with. Typically this might mean provisioning of infrastucture to accomodate some need. It might be providing access to some tool or service used by the team. Or run an operation that requires a cloud engineer. Tasks should be well described.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There’s an array of tasks that might you need help with. Typically, this might mean provisioning of infrastructure to accommodate some need, it might be providing access to some tool or service used by the team, or it could be to run an operation that requires a cloud engineer. Tasks should be well described.
```

# Question (Service Requests)

This type is fairly self explanatory. Have a question for us? Ask!

If you need some kind of consultancy, technical question, clarification on a piece of the product, just open a support question.

# Other methods of support

> I mentioned at the top of this page there was two main ways, and we’ve just covered the primary method. The second method is email, which is typically discouraged, but it’s useful to have thia ability when needed.

Reviewer: I think we should avoid personal pronouns in documentation in general.

```suggestion
Mentioned at the top of this page were two main ways of receiving Altis support, covered thus far is just the primary method. The second method is email, which is typically discouraged, but it’s useful to have this ability when needed.
```

> We have a few email addresses linked to our support, so we can ticket issues that come in, and they’re linked to different support types.

Reviewer: Is ticket a verb? 😜

```suggestion
We have a few email addresses linked to our support so we can track issues that come in. Those are linked to different support types.
```

hosting@humanmade.com is the most commonly used, and this linked to an Incident type (non-urgent).

support@humanmade.com is rarely used, but this is linked to the Question support type.

> sysops@humanmade.com is the linked to an ‘Urgent’ Incidident type, and is linked to PagerDuty, which alerts on-call engineers to the emergency. 

Reviewer: I would probably update the above to be an actual list, e.g.:

Also you  have a typo on this line ("Incidident").

```
* hosting@humanmade.com is the most commonly used, and this linked to an Incident type (non-urgent).
* support@humanmade.com is rarely used, but this is linked to the Question support type.
* sysops@humanmade.com is the linked to an ‘Urgent’ Incident type, and is linked to PagerDuty, which alerts on-call engineers to the emergency. 
```

Reviewer 2: Do we have Altis emails for this too? I think `humanmade.com` can be swapped for `altis-dxp.com`

Author: > Cleaned up some of the text and offered some suggestions for things. Mostly little stuff you can probably just click "commit suggestion" on 😁 but one comment at the end about the email addresses would need an actual update (because afaik I can't make multiline suggestions).

Thanks so much for the review! I'm not used to such turn-around times! :D 

> Do we have Altis emails for this too? I think humanmade.com can be swapped for altis-dxp.com

I didn't know we had those addresses, will update.

> # Getting help with Altis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Getting help with Altis
```
Unnecessary full stop

If you need help, this guide will show you how to most effectively get you the help you need.

> While we support a few methods, the primary method and the route you should choose, is the Altis Dashboard Support button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Altis Dashboard

While we support a few methods, the primary method and the route you should choose, is the Altis Dashboard Support button.
```

If we add a second level heading here it'll round off the methods of getting support more neatly. We should also make the ticket type headings into 3rd level headings to get a sensible hierarchy.

While we support a few methods, the primary method and the route you should choose, is the Altis Dashboard Support button.

<img width="1398" alt="Altis Dashboard support link" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1263370/113014595-a119f980-9174-11eb-95d6-0e2a9718c5e5.png">

We break down support into different types. Each has their own language and processes, but they're somewhat intuitive once you internalize the language a little. Let's go over the types.

<img width="1282" alt="Altis Dashboard Create Support Ticket page, Question selected in Type dropdown menu" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1263370/113014673-b2630600-9174-11eb-88ae-ed3cc6b98078.png">

We currently have four types of support. Below is a description of each and how they are different from each other.

> # Incident

Reviewer: As @roborourke notes, these should be H3s rather than H1s 🔢

```suggestion
### Incident
```

> From the support side, Incidents are the things that make us scamble to respond and jump on the problem. If the site is down, this is an Incident, with a prioriy of ‘Urgent’. Alarm bells will ring, and we’ll put out the fires to get things running again by any means neccessary.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about the wording here around "scrambling to respond", the image in my head is of a panicky disorganised response which we don't do. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
From the support side, Incidents get a rapid response. If the site is down, this is an Incident, with a priority of ‘Urgent’. Alarm bells will ring, and we’ll put out the fires to get things running again by any means necessary.
```

From the support side, Incidents get a rapid response. If the site is down, this is an Incident, with a priority of ‘Urgent’. Alarm bells will ring, and we’ll put out the fires to get things running again by any means necessary.

Incidents focus on immediate attention, with an emphasis on immediate remediation. Remediating an Incident can take the form of temporary patches, which brings us to the next support type.

> # Problem

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Problem
```

Problems are the cause of, or potential cause of Incidents. Incidents revolve around something unexpected. If a site is down, that’s an Incident, but the Problem is a known cause of an issue you wish to track, and coordinate help with. Problems typically take longer to resolve, as an appropriate solution is thought out and worked on.

> # Task 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Task 
```

There’s an array of tasks that might you need help with. Typically, this might mean provisioning of infrastructure to accommodate some need, it might be providing access to some tool or service used by the team, or it could be to run an operation that requires a cloud engineer. Tasks should be well described.

> # Question

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Question
```

> # Question (Service Requests)

Reviewer 2: Not sure what "Service Requests" means here or if it really adds any extra clarity. We might know what it means internally but does it help a client?
```suggestion
# Question
```

> If you need some kind of consultancy, technical question, clarification on a piece of the product, just open a support question.

Reviewer 2: I'd probably leave the consultancy word out - that speaks to a higher value more in-depth engagement to me.
```suggestion
If you have a technical question or require clarification on a feature, just open a support question.
```

> # Other methods of support

Reviewer 2: This is really just the one method, email. We can simplify this and make the doc more scannable:
```suggestion
## Email
```

> Mentioned at the top of this page were two main ways of receiving Altis support, covered thus far is just the primary method. The second method is email, which is typically discouraged, but it’s useful to have this ability when needed.

Reviewer 2: I think this is maybe still worded in a way that makes more sense internally for HM. As an external party it'd be weird seeing this option as "typically discouraged" without an explanation as to why
```suggestion
The second method for creating a support ticket is email. This is offered as a backup option should you be unable to open tickets via the Altis Dashboard for any reason.
```

> We have a few email addresses linked to our support so we can track issues that come in. Those are linked to different support types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following email addresses can be used to create different types of ticket as indicated:
```

> - hosting@altis-dxp.com 
> This linked to an Incident type (non-urgent).
> 
> - support@altis-dxp.com
> This is linked to the Question support type.
> 
> - sysops@altis-dxp.com 
> This linked to an ‘Urgent’ Incident type, and is linked to PagerDuty, which alerts on-call engineers to the emergency. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **hosting@altis-dxp.com**<br />
   This will create an Incident type ticket (non-urgent).
- **support@altis-dxp.com**<br />
   This will create a Question type ticket.
- **sysops@altis-dxp.com**<br />
   This will create an ‘Urgent’ Incident type ticket, and is linked to PagerDuty. This will alert on-call engineers to the emergency. 
```

Some formatting and wording changes
